tired of wasting your money seeing good
food go bad plastic wrap is clumsy and
only works for a few days and finding
the right lid for a plastic container
what a hassle but now you can instantly
vacuum seal and store any food and keep
it fresher longer with the award-winning
tepees vacuum seal lid the original
vacuum seal is so easy to use just press
and it's sealed
look at these expensive strawberries
guacamole and raspberries after a few
days with ordinary plastic wrap spoiled
rotten but stored with a key piece lid
there's still carton fresh think of the
money you'll save just press firmly over
any size or shape container to force air
out keepeez vacuum seals to create an
airtight seal for weeks then just pinch
to release it's so simple and effortless
kids and seniors can easily use key fees
to forget cheap look-alikes keepeez
really holds guaranteed the secret is a
high-tech plastic barrier like that used
in bulletproof glass
so each key piece stays tough at vacuum
tight for thousands of seals
look how keepeez powerful vacuum seal
holds an 8 pound watermelon amazing
keepeez resist tears punctures and
spills and it's freezer microwave and
dishwasher safe keep these lids are
stackable to save space and our air
tight to keep leftover food fruit and
juices fresh just press to seal your
leftovers will stay fresher to keep
these lids safe storage space and you
can seal multiple dishes with just one
key piece order your award-winning
keepeez vacuum lids today you get a
three and a half four and a half six and
eight and a half inch set of four for
just 1495 we're so confident you'll love
our original keepeez lids we're offering
a 90 day that's right 90 day money-back
guarantee but wait call right now and
we'll also include this set of four
designer bowls and this extra-large lid
free just pay shipping and handling stop
wasting expensive food call or log on
now